#45858 Form flow - store submission data when moving to the previous step (#231)
valtimo-platform/valtimo-documentation: release-notes/major10/10.2.0/valtimo-frontend-libraries.md

  The Notificaties API plugin has been added and supports plugin configuration.

* **Form flow - store submission data when moving to the previous step**

>   A user now gets the option to save changes in the form when the user clicks the button to go to the previous step in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Users now get the option to save changes in the form when the user clicks the button to go to the previous step in
```

Author: Too late 😅
